you will be given an unsorted array of size n
and an integer variable K as input
Your task is to find the Kth smallest number from
the given array
For example if given array is 42189 and 6
and the value of K is equal to three then
the expected output
is number four because
The first smallest number is one and the second smallest
number is two and the third smallest number is four
which is our expected output
Let us take another example
If given Array is 9 3 minus 3 0 8 and 7
and the value of K is equal to two
Then the expected output
is number zero because here the first smallest number is
minus three and the second smallest number is zero which
is our expected output.